# ESP_GUI
This is the matlab GUIDE based GUI interface to the ESP system.

The main file is detectorFrontPanel.fig, this is the file GUIDE needs its binary and holds the panel structure. The accompanying 
file detectorFrontPanel.m  is the file containing the MATLAB code for the callbacks in the panel.

.gitignore a file that tells git which files in the directory NOT to track. Generally you put the names (or wild cards) of files
that are generated by the application and can be regenerated from files that are tracked.

ProcessListbox entry.m a file called from the callbacks code that processes the filename Listboxes for the Filter file and 
the Template file.

SendCommandString.m  file contains the short code used to send strings to the RS232 link.  It also puts it in the listbox on the
screen and sends it to the console.

lpf1.fcf - is a low pass filter generated from the MATLAB FDA filter tool. I use it as a test filter file

populateEnginePanel.m  routine to customize the Engine panel for a specific engine. That is, it puts all the proper user setable
parameters onto the screen for the currently selected engine number.

putupDtoAChannelPanel.m  This puts up the panel for the D to A converter channels and populates it appropriately

read_fcf_file.m  reads the contents of a filter file 

read_tpl_file.m  reads the contents of a template file

setEngineHardware.m  once the Engine panel OK button is hit, this routine runs and sends all the Engine paramters for the 
currently selected engine to the RS232 port.

template1.mat a sinwave template file used for testing.
